add appId (#7)
brunorodmoreira/ollie-observability: .changeset/purple-buttons-trade.md

Reviewer: Duplicated. I think you can remove one of those files.

---
"@ollie-dev/vtex-io-logger": patch
---

> add appId, appVersion and appName to log + update tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `app id`, `app version` and `app name` to log.
```
